.TH "General" 3 "Tue Jan 8 2013" "Version 1" "Web Service Module for Claroline" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
General \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBgetUserData\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBgetCourseList\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBgetCourseToolList\fP ($cid)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBgetUpdates\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 10 of file General.lib.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static getCourseList ()\fC [static]\fP"Returns the list of courses followed by the user. 
.PP
\fBWeb Service call:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
        Method : \fIgetCourseList\fP
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array of course object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 40 of file General.lib.php.
.SS "static getCourseToolList ($cid)\fC [static]\fP"Returns the tool list for each cours of the user.
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fI$cid\fP unique identifier of requested course 
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIInvalidArgumentException\fP if the $cid in not provided. 
.RE
.PP
\fBWeb Service call:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
        Method : \fIgetCourseToolList\fP
.fi
.PP
.PP
.PP
.nf
        cidReq : \fISYSCODE of requested cours\fP
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array of course object with only the syscode and tool-related fields filled. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 65 of file General.lib.php.
.SS "static getUpdates ()\fC [static]\fP"Retrieve the notified items for the current user. Do not mark them as showed. 
.PP
\fBWeb Service call:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
        Method : \fI getUpdates\fP
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
empty array if no notification. Else, return array([SYSCODE] => array([LABEL] => notified resource object, ...), ...) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 105 of file General.lib.php.
.SS "static getUserData ()\fC [static]\fP"Returns the data of the current user. 
.PP
\fBWeb Service call:\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
        Method : \fIgetUserData\fP
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array of string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 18 of file General.lib.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Web Service Module for Claroline from the source code.
