.TH "USERWebServiceController" 3 "Wed Jan 16 2013" "Version 1" "Web Service Module for Claroline" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
USERWebServiceController \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetUserData\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetCourseList\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetCourseToolList\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetUpdates\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 10 of file userwebservicecontroller.lib.php.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "getCourseList ()"Returns the list of courses followed by the user. 
.PP
\fBWeb Service call: /module/MOBILE/User/getCourseList\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
        Method : \fIgetCourseList\fP
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array of course object 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 42 of file userwebservicecontroller.lib.php.
.SS "getCourseToolList ()"Returns the tool list for each cours of the user. 
.PP
\fBTodo\fP
.RS 4
Rewrite in a more generic way of treating tool... 
.RE
.PP
\fBExceptions:\fP
.RS 4
\fIInvalidArgumentException\fP if the cid in not provided. 
.RE
.PP
\fBWeb Service call: /module/MOBILE/User/getCourseToolList/cidReq\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
        Method : \fIgetCourseToolList\fP
.fi
.PP
.PP
.PP
.nf
        cidReq : \fISYSCODE of requested cours\fP
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array of course object with only the syscode and tool-related fields filled. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 68 of file userwebservicecontroller.lib.php.
.SS "getUpdates ()"Retrieve the notified items for the current user. Do not mark them as showed. 
.PP
\fBWeb Service call: /module/MOBILE/User/getUpdates\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
        Method : \fI getUpdates\fP
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
empty array if no notification. Else, return array([SYSCODE] => array([LABEL] => notified resource object, ...), ...) 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 108 of file userwebservicecontroller.lib.php.
.SS "getUserData ()"Returns the data of the current user. 
.PP
\fBWeb Service call: /module/MOBILE/User/getUserData\fP
.RS 4

.RE
.PP
.PP
.nf
        Method : \fIgetUserData\fP
.fi
.PP
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
array of string 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 19 of file userwebservicecontroller.lib.php.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Web Service Module for Claroline from the source code.
